Attribution: How, when and where?
If you think that the least you can do is thank the authors for the resources they’ve created, this is one way of doing it: you can include an attribution line, such as “Designed by Freepik” on the final product or design, whether it’s a digital or a physical product.

Below you can find some examples about how to add the attribution line:

Websites, blogs, e-books, newsletters
Usually, the best place to add the attribution line is next to the asset downloaded from Freepik and a link to our website (www.freepik.com). There are other alternatives, such as placing it in the footer of your website, blog or newsletter.

Here is an example:

attribution.jpg.png

The attribution must be always clear, visible and easy to find for your users or clients.

Social network profiles or posts
You may add the attribution line “Designed by Freepik” to the image or video you are using and/or include it in the description of your post, together with a link to www.freepik.com

Printed products
For printed products such as posters, books, magazines, vinyls, flyers, and more, a good place to add the attribution line is next to the image you are using. If you realize that it is not possible, perhaps you might want to place it somewhere else on that printed product you are creating.

Captura.PNG

If you’re printing a book using a resource from Freepik on the cover and you realize that it is not possible to add the attribution line on the cover itself, try placing it on the credits page or including it in the bibliography.

Example: "Cover designed by Freepik"

Video
When creating videos, you may include the attribution line in the video itself by adding it to the credits or at the end of the video. Another alternative is to add a link to our website in the description of your video if it’s available for watching on an online platform.

Mobile app/game
When using our resources for a mobile app or game, you may include the attribution line on the credits section and/or in the description on the app store or website where your app or game is available.

In case you want to use our products without adding the attribution line, you must acquire one of our Premium or Premium+ subscriptions.

Attribution is only needed for stock images, not for images created by you with our AI tools.

Related Articles
What are Freepik Fonts?
How can I reset my devices?
Freepik Certificate of Tax Residency
Log in/Sign up methods
Individual images and custom works
Trending Articles
Is Freepik for free?
Download limit: How many resources can I download?
Individual images and custom works
What is the difference between main and secondary element?
Person